Deprecate deployments (#1392)
balancer-labs/balancer-v2-monorepo: pkg/deployments/README.md

Returns an object with all contracts from a deployment and their addresses.

## Past Deployments
## Active Deployments

| Description                                          | Task ID                                                                                              |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Authorizer, governance contract                      | [`20210418-authorizer`](./tasks/20210418-authorizer)                                                 |
| Vault, main protocol contract                        | [`20210418-vault`](./tasks/20210418-vault)                                                           |
| Weighted Pools of up to 8 tokens                     | [`20210418-weighted-pool`](./tasks/20210418-weighted-pool)                                           |

> | Weighted Pools with two tokens and price oracle      | [`20210418-weighted-pool`](./tasks/20210418-weighted-pool)                                           |

Reviewer: Would you say this is deprecated right now? afaik we use this on the frontend when deploying a 2 token pool atm.

Reviewer: I know that oracles are not being maintained going forwards but there's no reason to deprecate this deployment right at the minute.

Author: I mean the pools are fine in the sense that they are not incorrect, but discouraging people from creating more of them seems to be in the spirit of what we're doing.

Reviewer: Fair, I'd say that if we're actively allowing new pools to be created on the frontend then we haven't deprecated it though. If we wanted to do that then we should stop the frontend from interacting with this factory surely?

Author: Yes - this PR is only part of the effort :stuck_out_tongue:

| --------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Coordination of the veBAL deployment                | [`20220325-veBAL-deployment-coordinator`](./tasks/scripts/20220325-veBAL-deployment-coordinator)         |
| Coordination of setup of L2 gauges for veBAL system | [`20220415-veBAL-L2-gauge-setup-coordinator`](./tasks/scripts/20220415-veBAL-L2-gauge-setup-coordinator) |
| Coordination of veBAL gauges fix (Option 1)         | [`20220418-veBAL-gauge-fix-coordinator`](./tasks/scripts/20220418-veBAL-gauge-fix-coordinator)           |
| veBAL Smart Wallet Checker Coordinator              | [`20220421-smart-wallet-checker-coordinator`](./tasks/scripts/20220421-smart-wallet-checker-coordinator) |
| Tribe BAL Minter Coordinator                        | [`20220606-tribe-bal-minter-coordinator`](./tasks/scripts/20220606-tribe-bal-minter-coordinator)         |
| Coordination of the double entrypoint issue fix     | [`20220610-snx-recovery-coordinator`](./tasks/scripts/20220610-snx-recovery-coordinator)                 |

## Deprecated Deployments

> These deployments have been depreacted because they're either oudated and have been replaced by newer versions, or because they no longer form part of the current infrastructure. **In almost all cases they should no longer be used,** and are only kept here for historical reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These deployments have been deprecated because they're either outdated and have been replaced by newer versions, or because they no longer form part of the current infrastructure. **In almost all cases they should no longer be used,** and are only kept here for historical reasons.
```
